chore: prepare for release 3.4.1 (#391)
optimizely/javascript-sdk: packages/optimizely-sdk/CHANGELOG.MD

### Bug fixes
- Fixed default event dispatcher not used in React Native entry point ([#383](https://github.com/optimizely/javascript-sdk/pull/383))

## [3.4.1] - January 28th, 2020

### Bug fixes

> - Added OptimizelyConfig in Typescript([#390](https://github.com/optimizely/javascript-sdk/pull/390)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `getOptimizelyConfig` and related types to TypeScript type definitions([#390](https://github.com/optimizely/javascript-sdk/pull/390)).
```
